Sneaky Coconut Turtle

medium

# there is no safety check on the rebalance duration, if a rebalance starts with misconfigured duration, at worst can lock the setToken permanently.

## Summary
there is no safety check on the rebalance duration, if a rebalance starts with misconfigured duration, can lock the setToken up to permanently at worst. 

## Vulnerability Detail
AuctinoRebalanceModuleV1 allows an initialised setToken to utilise the module to auction out component asset with reference to a price adaptor. When an auction is started, it would kick the setToken into an "locked" state, where burn and mint can not be processed until the auction completes (where target unit is achieved), or the auction expires (configured duration passes). 

However, there is no checks or set maximal duration, if the manager calls StartRebalance, with a misconfigured duration (lets' say hypothetically it's wrongly set to `type(uint256).max`, then the auction would keep locking the setToken, until the target unit is traded. There is no other way to mitigate if such situation happens. This is quite sub-optimal since there is no guarantee that the token would still have a market, or the price is competitive enough for the auction to complete with target achieved.

```solidity
    function startRebalance(
        ISetToken _setToken,
        IERC20 _quoteAsset,
        address[] calldata _newComponents,
        AuctionExecutionParams[] memory _newComponentsAuctionParams,
        AuctionExecutionParams[] memory _oldComponentsAuctionParams,
        bool _shouldLockSetToken,
        uint256 _rebalanceDuration,
        uint256 _initialPositionMultiplier
    )
        external
        onlyManagerAndValidSet(_setToken)
    {
        // Lock the SetToken if the _shouldLockSetToken flag is true and the SetToken is not already locked by this module
        if (_shouldLockSetToken && _setToken.locker() != address(this)) {
            _setToken.lock();
        }
```

when setToken enters locked state, mint and burn is disabled for normal user.

```solidity
    function mint(address _account, uint256 _quantity) external onlyModule whenLockedOnlyLocker {
        _mint(_account, _quantity);
    }

    /**
     * PRIVELEGED MODULE FUNCTION. Decreases the "account" balance by the "quantity".
     * _burn checks that the "account" already has the required "quantity".
     */
    function burn(address _account, uint256 _quantity) external onlyModule whenLockedOnlyLocker {
        _burn(_account, _quantity);
    }
```

## Impact
setToken holders risk being locked for extended period of time, since the rebalanceAuction has no protection on maximal auction duration. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/IndexCoop/index-protocol/blob/663e64efaa95df2247afa8926d4cfb42948f54fe/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/AuctionRebalanceModuleV1.sol#L241-L282

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
protect StartRebalance with either a global duration_max, or a custom duration_max for each setToken, that is initialised by the setToken itself, so each setToken user can be sure on the maximal duration possible for a single rebalanceAuction and how long the setToken would be locked.