Proper Rosewood Marmot

medium

# Missing Success Check in transferFrom Function

## Summary
the issue() function  that performs a transfer of underlying components using the transferFrom function lacks the success check after each transferFrom call, which could lead to silent failures and tokens will be minted.

## Vulnerability Detail
The transferFrom function is called within a loop to transfer the required underlying components to the SetToken.
 However, the code does not include an explicit check on the return value of the transferFrom function to ensure the success of each transfer. 
Without this check, if a transfer fails (e.g., due to insufficient balance or a contract revert), the issue function will continue execution without reverting, potentially  result in the creation of SetTokens without the corresponding underlying components being transferred, leading to an imbalance and discrepancy between the minted tokens and the actual underlying assets.

## Impact
The absence of a success check in the transferFrom function can lead to silent failures. If any of the transfers fail, the code will not revert, and subsequent operations will continue, potentially leading to incorrect state or undesired behavior. 
This will lead to  the user's tokens  be minted without the corresponding asset is transferred.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/BasicIssuanceModule.sol#L107

    function issue(
        ISetToken _setToken,
        uint256 _quantity,
        address _to
     )
        external
        nonReentrant
        onlyValidAndInitializedSet(_setToken)
    {

        // For each position, transfer the required underlying to the SetToken
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < components.length; i++) {
            // Transfer the component to the SetToken
            transferFrom(
                IERC20(components[i]),
                msg.sender,
                address(_setToken),
                componentQuantities[i]
            );
        }

        // Mint the SetToken
        _setToken.mint(_to, _quantity);

        emit SetTokenIssued(address(_setToken), msg.sender, _to, hookContract, _quantity);
    }

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
add call success check or use safetransferfrom instead.