Joyful Rainbow Goat

medium

# Auction can never be unlocked early

## Summary

A locked SetToken can never be unlocked early because `raiseTargetPercentage` must be > 0 when set in `setRaiseTargetPercentage()` but `_canUnlockEarly()`  requires it to be == 0 to pass. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The `raiseTargetPercentage` variable is set in the `setRaiseTargetPercentage()` function. The variable must be >0

```solidity
require(_raiseTargetPercentage > 0, "Target percentage must be greater than 0");
```

Looking at `unlock()` function we see that `_canUnlockEarly()` only return `True` if `raiseTargetPercentage == 0`

```solidity
return _allTargetsMet(_setToken) && _isQuoteAssetExcessOrAtTarget(_setToken) && rebalance.raiseTargetPercentage == 0;
```

This will never be due to the constraint in `setRaiseTargetPercentaged().

## Impact

Locking a SetToken limits much of the functionality of the token. Redeeming/issuing, changing the manager etc. are all blocked. If this can not be unlocked even when a re-balancing event has been completed the SetToken is locked for the entire duration. If the duration of the auction was set to be very long with the intention to close it when the re-balancing is completed they will now instead be completely locked for that entire duration

The `unlock()` can also serve as a general safety feature where Index can force an auction to close early and unlock the SetToken by meeting all the targets themselves and then unlocking the SetToken, this is currently not possible.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/AuctionRebalanceModuleV1.sol#L391

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/AuctionRebalanceModuleV1.sol#L1201

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/AuctionRebalanceModuleV1.sol#L421

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Require that `raiseTargetPercentage >= 0` or remove the requirement that `raiseTargetPercentage == 0` when unlocking early.
